the Israeli forces targeted hamama
School in the west of Gaza City exactly
in thean neighborhood and I'm talking to
you from the school itself which has
been targeted by the Israeli forces
dozens got killed and dozens got injured
and civilians who used to take this
place as a shelter are now collecting
their luggage in order to move from this
place but they don't know where to
go there is not a single safe place for
us to stay in my house is destroyed the
Israelis shelled the first school we
stayed in and they also shelled every
school and shelter since I can't
describe our life are we meant to be
targeted and to be killed here are we
meant to be tortured till the end of our
Lives the world must find a solution the
world must not turn a blind
eye I don't know where to go now we need
a solution we need the war to stop
enough is enough I swear to Allah that
we are tired and knacked and Scattered
we've been displaced eight times this is
not fair it's an injustice the children
are being killed I need to find a
shelter but I don't know where to go
civilians here in the nothing trib are
afraid from the unpredictable attacks
that might hit any place here and
nothing El STP in any time as you can
see in the picture this place is not
livable anymore it is not
habitable and civilians don't know where
to
go Al jaaz nothing Gaza Strip
paltin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer